README.rst, before:

==============
Desgast dental
==============


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/desgast_scan_to_text.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/desgast_scan_to_text

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.com/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/desgast-scan-to-text/badge/?version=latest
        :target: https://desgast-scan-to-text.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?version=latest
        :alt: Documentation Status


.. image:: https://pyup.io/repos/github/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text/shield.svg
     :target: https://pyup.io/repos/github/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text/
     :alt: Updates



Desgast dental recollida de dades a text


* Free software: GNU General Public License v3
* Documentation: https://desgast-scan-to-text.readthedocs.io.


Features
--------

* Dependencies

- Install in Ubuntu `pdftk` (`sudo apt install pdftk`) to manipulate PDFs (specially to cut pages)
- Install `tox`, `cookiecutter`,`jinja2`
- Template from: https://github.com/audreyfeldroy/cookiecutter-pypackage
- Possible another template: https://github.com/ionelmc/cookiecutter-pylibrary

Credits
-------

This package was created with Cookiecutter_ and the `audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage

Commit message:

docs: adds linux example command line for the input in PDF

README.rst, after:

==============
Desgast dental
==============


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/desgast_scan_to_text.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/desgast_scan_to_text

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.com/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/desgast-scan-to-text/badge/?version=latest
        :target: https://desgast-scan-to-text.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?version=latest
        :alt: Documentation Status


.. image:: https://pyup.io/repos/github/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text/shield.svg
     :target: https://pyup.io/repos/github/danielboloc/desgast_scan_to_text/
     :alt: Updates



Desgast dental recollida de dades a text


* Free software: GNU General Public License v3
* Documentation: https://desgast-scan-to-text.readthedocs.io.


Dependencies
------------

- Install in Ubuntu `pdftk` (`sudo apt install pdftk`) to manipulate PDFs (specially to cut pages)
- Install `tox`, `cookiecutter`,`jinja2`
- Template from: https://github.com/audreyfeldroy/cookiecutter-pypackage
- Possible another template: https://github.com/ionelmc/cookiecutter-pylibrary

Linux packages
--------------

In order to separate certain pages from a full PDF:

```
pdftk input.pdf cat 1-10 output output.pdf
```

To extract all pages from a PDF to images (the output name needs to be improved):

```
pdfimages -j output.pdf ./
```

Credits
-------

This package was created with Cookiecutter_ and the `audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage
